youtube friends like they are here with
you game and gentlemen bringing them
more unboxing this time is the motherboard
of what is our gaming and we go to a
Pub
I'm going to have this is almost you can say
the last of what we needed to buy
so that we could put together what was our
that neither piss and we already have that we already have
this processor we already have ram memory
we already have the video and room we have the
hard disk and well we have almost everything
the only thing that we lacked was this
what is the motherboard and we need
still what is the graphic but today
let's bring this boxing so that
see what we buy, gentlemen like
can you see the unboxing I'm doing in
the ground because the box is too much
big then it does not give me a chance to
be able to make an egg boxing more
appropriate since it have to put the
camera a little farther and we're going to do
everything possible that the audio work
gentlemen all the motherboard gentlemen already
We are going to show you what it is and look at me
they sent more paper than product
more paper
and more paper
we are not going to get out of here what is the
receipt and the one that we buy gentlemen is
a product from description of
product says mv gb 777 x that we're going to
show him the box itself
so you can get an idea of ​​what
that we have bought men of the brand
gb if I'm not wrong
to performance or a block or blocked
says insists on ultra durability
and the brand or the model is gentlemen look
is the zeta 77 h ud3h this time it serves and is
compatible as you will be able to read it here
with what are the intel corp
z68 chipset has to take this very in
account when it comes to buying you is a
motherboard and you have to take into account
what is the processor model that you have
bought all the processors have
a different inserted style , that is,
not all are exactly like the
way it is connected in what it is
our love for that you have to have
very much pay a lot of attention
when you buy what mood
board
this is a zeta chipset that is
compatible with the inter core i7 that I
I bought three of several I do not know what
they mean a lot of the things that
appears here I have no idea but for
many of you who do know about
computers is more than enough that
show them this and they will give you an idea of
how good can it become
motherboard to many tell me do not open
the products because you're going to eat them
you're going to fuck with the static and all the
wave other sisters could show the
box and let's show you know if the
I open
without touching anything truth as you can see
look at the box comes with some cables by
example this one has with this that I do not know
that are just for you to see
come with this part so that you
let's put back manuals and the motherboard
itself comes here look here is in here
I'm not going to touch it because a lot of people
says you can ruin what it is
the static but good I hope that
let's do this all safe and do not miss
go to ruin nothing cost me 257
dollars I bought it in newegg since that
is the one that I bought all the
products for what is this gaming
vice and good, gentlemen, he wanted
tell them also that today in the afternoon to
7 night time city
new york we will be doing what
is the live event putting together what is
this pool gentlemen and if suddenly
he has never seen them, they thrill you and you know
enough of computer before you
introduce yourself is there and hesitating with
us so you can see what is how
let's put together gentlemen we will be
talking and at the same time my cousin goes
to be putting together what is the computer
as I am going to put a camera so that
all of you can see and another of the
products that I will also pass on to
show gentlemen
it's with the hair
another one of the thing that I love you too
show quickly is the room divide /
drive or the disc burner I do not know how
it will be called if it was sent to me too
so you can see what it was that
buy come gentlemen sencillitos
20 dollars the truth that very but that
very cheap do not spend much if suddenly
you're not a big fan of what to do with
movies record this series or what
be or to buy / fran bluray I use it
plus
then you tell me today for this 20 dollar
cheaper uses could not have
found gentlemen and well let's see
if we show them they do not come in their box
original first little ones I do not think that
not worth show what
we will show already when we are doing
what is the true a boxing
i
people saying in 321 of art and to the
you gave for the static good this is a
asus and here in the description we are going to
put the link of all these products
so you can go check the
if you're suddenly thinking about buying it what
good thing about these gentlemen is that you
can you make your idea that is what you can
get to need to put together your
supercomputer well good gentlemen and
with this we started firing him I hope
that you liked the video the a gb the
motherboard that we are going to use for
our computer at the same time what
which is our dividing room in the afternoon
lords 7 at night new york hour
6 central Mexico 4 angels
one of the morning in Spain we will be
completely live do not miss it
gentlemen be there let's be chatting
with you, with this I say goodbye
the next friends and I hope everything
be chingón and ximo and do not leave us
fuck with the static that I have been so
troubled
see you gentlemen take care until the
next friends bye
ah